update(docs): more detail about container runtime populated k8s fields (#781)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/reference/rules/supported-fields/index.md

`container.liveness_probe` | CHARBUF | The container's liveness probe. Will be the null value ("N/A") if no liveness probe configured, the liveness probe command line otherwise
`container.readiness_probe` | CHARBUF | The container's readiness probe. Will be the null value ("N/A") if no readiness probe configured, the readiness probe command line otherwise

{{% alert color="primary" %}}

The [k8s set of fields](#field-class-k8s) `k8s.ns.name` and `k8s.pod.*` (i.e., `k8s.pod.name`, `k8s.pod.id`, `k8s.pod.labels`, and `k8s.pod.label.*`) are populated with data fetched from the **container runtime**.

> Therefore, they can also be accessed without having the **Kubernetes Audit Events** gathering functionality enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, they can also be accessed without having the **Kubernetes Metadata Enrichment** functionality enabled (`-k` Falco option).
```

### Field Class: k8s

Kubernetes related context.

{{% alert color="warning" %}}

> The set of fields `k8s.ns.name` and `k8s.pod.*` (e.g., `k8s.pod.name`) are populated with data fetched from the **container runtime**, so they don't require the **Kubernetes Audit Events** gathering functionality to be enabled.
> 
> All the other fields will only be available when Falco also fetches the [Kubernetes Audit Events](/docs/event-sources/kubernetes-audit/) from the Kubernetes API server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The set of fields `k8s.ns.name` and `k8s.pod.*` (e.g., `k8s.pod.name`) are populated with data fetched from the **container runtime**, so they don't require the **Kubernetes Metadata Enrichment** functionality to be enabled.

All the other fields will only be available when Falco also fetches the **Kubernetes Metadata** from the Kubernetes API server  (`-k` Falco option) .
```
